so as you can tell
i'm just um going through drive-through
costa
it's like a day out isn't it at the
moment oh my god black
forest and cream hot chocolate wow
hi oh cherry's chocolate orange
i'm just having a quick look at the menu
thank you do you do sugar-free
uh gingerbread syrup why are you asking
me
you do i'll go for a gingerbread
cappuccino
that's everything thanks christmas
selection is the best ever isn't it like
there's nothing like christmas coffee
thank you thank you
hello hi today i thought i would do a
come drive with me slash q a
just catch up i feel like i've got a lot
to tell you guys a lot has happened like
in this past week like
as in the uk we've gone back into
another lockdown
it's been a lot hasn't it a lot just
picked up
my costa and had to drive around quite a
bit
just to find somewhere that was a bit
more like
secluded the costa car park there was
some like lovely gentlemen
sat directly opposite me and um it was
really off-putting and they sort of
pointed out
oh that girl's like filming in her car
so i just thought oh i'm not gonna be
able to keep a straight face so
anywho we moved somewhere else i went
for a sugar-free gingerbread
cappuccino very good must admit
i feel like it's half full to be honest
like it's a lot of froth
it's really not quite full anyway i'm
not gonna dilly dally
i'm just gonna go straight into it i
asked over on my instagram
and just some fire away q a questions
and i just thought it was a good time
like to catch up with you guys like
i feel like i haven't filled you in on
like what's been going on recently and
so much has just been going on for all
of us i guess i'm just going to dive
straight and i'm going to flick
and just see what we end up someone has
asked why are you in spain right now
i'm not in spain i am in the uk i would
love to be
anywhere but the uk to be honest right
now and i think you may have got
confused so
this morning mason and i were like
messing around dancing in the kitchen
and
we put a song on and we met we tagged
like ibiza um
because we were shouting we're like i be
for 20 21 do you eat the same on
training and
rest days yes i do actually i don't eat
any fewer calories on
rest days especially at the moment um in
lockdown like i am not reducing any
calories i don't want to lose any muscle
mass
so that is that one have you found your
confidence has been affected since
ending
your cut love yeah oh thank you so much
that's really kind
not necessarily my physique's really
changed like since i did my first
cut i've probably got more more abs now
but i'm not as lean if that makes any
sense oh i've just built
my like core muscles more i'd say i'll
pop a picture here
and i'll pop a picture of like when i
had sort of finished
my cut and you can see what i mean about
that
so in terms of confidence no having abs
or having
our being leaner doesn't automatically
make you confidence like that i think
confidence
comes from within i don't think
confidence comes from like a certain
physique if i've learned
anything at all one thing i would say is
i definitely feel
much sort of healthier fitter energetic
like within myself when i
am sort of leaner because that's a
reflection of like my diet and
training and stuff so i'm generally a
lot fitter but i don't think that's
always to do like the aesthetic if you
know what i mean
i've bulked i definitely used to feel a
lot more sluggish and just
heavier and a bit uncomfortable
sometimes but i think that's also like
personal
preference and did you go to university
and if you did what was your experience
with it
i think i mentioned this in like maybe
another q a a while ago i did go to uni
and i graduated last year in
business management i mean i'm glad i've
got the degree but
i do think i went for the wrong reasons
completely i just didn't know what i
wanted to do
at the time and i didn't go to a campus
uni and i did transfer in my third year
up to manchester
um so i wouldn't necessarily have like
the full-blown like campus uni
experience but i was going out a lot and
i was working basically like full-time
hours
and i was very confused at the time i
was just i probably should have taken a
gap year or something before
going there and i don't think i would
have gone but my overall experience like
i just think there was a lot of pressure
like i don't know if anyone else feels
like this but when you're in
sixth form in school everyone's like oh
uni is the best years of my life
and this that and the other and it
definitely wasn't like that for me
and i did stuff in between like outside
of uni like i did a season
in marbella in spain like a party season
and that was really good but like uni
itself just wasn't for me
how do you fit cheat meals flexibly into
your diet so that it's sustainable and
cravings are less
so i don't have cheat meals i don't
really like that whole approach of cheat
meal as i've mentioned this few times
don't really be like a broken record as
well but i think cheat meals can
obviously encourage
a lot of restriction and binging so i
just prefer to have
my favorite sort of things like
chocolate in my breakfast every morning
and
i'll have like basically like a dessert
if you like i always have yogurt with
like
sweet toppings syrups and stuff but just
in like more sort of moderation but
definitely daily
so for me that works really well i don't
restrict anything if i want a pizza
one night like i'll have a pizza you can
also fit that in with your macros too
q and a's honestly send me off on so
many tangents like i hope i actually
answer each question
the next one is about kids there's a lot
of kids and like marriage sort of
questions
i don't really have like a set number
i've never been to someone that's like i
want like
five kids or whatever like i'm just
quite open-minded i think when i start
having kids i'll just know from then
onwards i don't really have like a set
number
mason would really like quite a big
family i'm quite open-minded i'll just
see how i grow i guess
after hopefully my first child or
something in the future
but definitely not yet do your glutes
bulletproof
you know what so the other weekend for
halloween um
one of my friends was actually like your
bum is so hard which when we laugh i've
never thought of like i guess
with having with lifting weights and
being quite muscly i don't feel like my
bum is like
massively jiggly if you know what i mean
but there is some jiggle there
and so i don't think it's bulletproof no
the next question is what contraception
are you on it's so unspoken about and
important also
love you so i'm on no contraception
at the moment came off the pill a good
few months ago now and i feel
like a new woman the pill did not suit
me all i was on yasmin for a few years
and that did suit me quite well and then
i went
on the progesterone pill my god that
sent me crazy like i just felt like i
was losing my head on that one so
i don't plan on putting any more
hormones into my body again there are
other methods there's a type of coil
that doesn't have like an actual hormone
i believe it's the copper coil but don't
quote me on that but right now i just
don't want to do anything
i don't want to mess with my body right
now other methods i guess are condoms
how do you schedule your days can you
show us how you figure timings
right this one makes me feel a kind of
way like oh my goodness this is
something i've worked on for so long
like
i've tried scheduling my time and i
think that's the best way like just
scheduling out
a to-do list but i'm by no means going
to sit here and tell you like
that it just happens like that in terms
of like scheduling your time
i feel like it's something you've got to
work on and build up say if you're
someone who's never really scheduled
your time um i wouldn't have the
expectation that just like
next week you're going to be able to
schedule hour by hour like say if you're
working from home at the moment
but i just say start by like planning
your day maybe the night before
and putting them in like a bit of a
priority order and then sort of put in
timings i guess
how long things are going to take you
and even if you just set it like say if
you just set tag
tasks for the morning and then set tasks
for
the afternoon sort of go from there like
step by step i wouldn't
recommend just diving in because the
amount of tasks or things that you
expect to get done in
say half an hour and they can end up
sort of overriding and
taking longer and then if it's the first
time you've ever done that under like
any sort of time
constraints like it's just a bit of a
difficult one so just say take it steady
like
separate you know like mornings and
afternoons make sure you've got a lunch
break in there
and and set like your workout times
maybe like morning or evening
or afternoon and sort of head
in that direction actually getting a bit
warm in here guys how did you amaze me
so we actually met on instagram
technically
yeah we followed each other and i
actually replied to a story and then we
got talking
from that so he loves telling that one
actually he loves saying that i messaged
him first technically
um no shame in that ladies though i just
i replied to a story i don't think there
was any like there was no intention
behind it
i thought he'd broken his leg or
something i think i was just like oh i
hope you're okay or
something a bit like lines along the
lines of that how are you doing
sending you lots of love that is so kind
honestly some of these
questions and just like messages like
that are just so lovely and i'm very
grateful to have you guys every single
one of these messages just so
lovely and like genuine if you know what
i mean yeah i'm all right i've had like
a funny two weeks to be quite honest
with you like
just i feel like i'll be able to explain
it and all make a bit more sense like
when i do this
a video soon but i just don't want to
go into it yeah i just don't feel quite
ready to just like
come out with it yeah other than that
i'm really good i just think we're all
you know we've all just got to support
each other right now it's a weird time
a lot of uncertainty and things like
that i was saying to mason yesterday i
was just like i feel like i'm ready for
like a big change like i feel like
moving somewhere or just
doing something completely different i'm
in my 20s and stuff and
just feel like we've all been a bit
robbed this year of time i miss
travelling but i think at the end of the
day we've all just got to be
grateful for our health right now like
for our families and just like the
little things i think this year has
really
been amazing for that and you know we've
all just been able to like get our heads
down more so this year than any previous
year like say if we've been distracted
with traveling or
other things that don't like matter
loads like this year's really good game
and
kids have given given all of us like
some reflection time so i think
there's a lot to be grateful for this
year and i don't like being negative so
much but um
i do think that she has been difficult
for a lot of us in
all kinds of ways it's been a real time
like to really sort of stare
at yourself in the mirror and work on
those things that maybe you put off
for years i hope that makes sense
sometimes i worry that i just go off and
waffles how many hours a day do you work
out at the moment
my workouts are anything from like 45
minutes to about an hour
20 it just depends what i'm doing leg
days always tend to take me
way longer um just because i think you
know if you're like re-racking
weights moving stuff about like i think
that just takes a bit longer and rest
times
if i'm lifting heavier next one is what
do you do steps card your wires to
maintain
your cutting results i'm not going to
cut at the moment i'm on a maintenance
and i'm not strict
we're tracking my calories at the moment
i have a lot of the same meals like i
always have my protein notes
and things like that what do you do
steps kind of rose for my steps i
try and aim for 10 000 steps i was doing
more like probably between 10
12 15 000 like at one point way before
lockdown when the weather was a bit
nicer but i've definitely
just been sticking to my 10 000 which i
think because it's got darker recently
it has been a little bit harder to be
honest because i've been going around
the block more because it's been super
wet and
penelope is the sassiest dog you've ever
known
she hates getting her feet wet i was
calling her feet i know that her paws
but i feel like she's like a little
human so
i call them her feet she doesn't like
going out in the rain like honestly the
amount of times i talk to
taken her to the door and i've had to
leave without her because she won't she
won't come out on a walk but just mean
her went and
went to the peak district at the weekend
and it was like a real
it was a real walk and it was probably
pineappley's first like
serious walk we're probably out for
about two hours like up a cliff like one
at one point at first she was like i
asked her to like jump over i asked her
i've heard but i'm talking about my dog
i was like leading her over this puddle
thing and she jumped over it and she
would have been all sassy and like i
don't know if you're doing mum like
she'd never
had to like like scramble up the side of
like
this like hill type thing 15 minutes in
she turned into this like wild dog and
was just like having the best day of her
life like
i've never seen her so energetic and
just like oh
like she's just living her life she
actually pulled me over
three times like it was over like
obviously a few hours like whilst we
were out but it was so slippy and there
was a meme
i shared on instagram last week of like
that guy like slipping over in the mud
and that
was literally me and i feel like it's my
karma because i was laughing that video
so
funny um and it was literally me uh it
was a bit weird because
i was on my own and i was just kind of
like i was like laughing i felt so
strange because i was like laughing at
my
at myself like falling over how much
cardio do you recommend
when you want to lose fat so to be
honest i think
use cardio as a last resort because it's
quite hard to maintain if you're
spending a lot of time
like say if you're going out for like
imagine if you're doing 30 000 steps
like that would take like
a good few hours of your day and to
maintain that is pretty unrealistic or i
know for me i would not be able to
maintain that so
i find other ways like for in terms of
losing fat i've never done excessive
cardio like to achieve my
results i've just found putting in the
work with my like weight is that
putting in the work in terms of like my
weight resistance training
is the best way for me personally and
it's not unrealistic
like i've never i'd never really
recommend someone to do hella
cardio i think steps are really good and
it is good to add
cardio and like activity into your
lifestyle but not excessively every
single day so
that's my sort of take on it trying to
lose body fat like make sure you have an
idea of what you're
putting in to yourself nutrition wise
and or thinking about
adding in loads of cardio next one is
what do you do when you have a down day
just not motivated how do you avoid the
guilt
i think this is something everyone kind
of struggles with if i've got a lot of
stuff to do and safe i've just had
a few unproductive days i've just felt
like i've got so much on
i do struggle to take that as a day off
like if i've got a lot to do
things like meditation just doing a 10
minute meditation which is just
i go on youtube or whatever it helps me
so much just to come round go
like getting out for a walk and but say
if i just if you just
really feel exhausted then take a day to
yourself and if you say you're taking a
day as a down day
i'd say try keep off instagram and do
something like actually helpful
for yourself like reading a book or like
sitting in the baffle
just writing things down like what's
going through your mind but some goals
and
goals ahead and stuff like that i think
that's that really sort of picks you up
it's a nice sort of feeling when you're
investing into yourself rather than just
sitting
for a day watching netflix like
scrolling endlessly on instagram and by
the end of like
taking a day like that you still feel
the same look at it from a different
perspective as well like take that day
as like rather than thinking
oh i feel rubbish i'm just taking the
day off just look at it as like
recharging i always try and
call it that steaming up in here next
question you gone
favorite protein powder powder powder
flavor so
my current fave is vanilla cream in
the diet way i will leave it linked down
below and i will also put my
i've got a discount code which gets you
35 off but i use that
every single morning in my protein notes
with all the toppings you cannot have
post notes without toppings like those
it's just my favorite thing i was saying
to most the other day like i literally
have
protein notes every day that i probably
have done for
nearly coming up to a year like i just
never really crave anything else which
is the first time ever like normally i
kind of get bored
after a while the next one is um
could you do some more healthy less
sugar desserts love the one you already
have
of course i feel like that's my
specialty like i
love desserts i like my thing like i
much prefer making
sweet desserts um and like high protein
desserts then i do actually like cooking
proper meals i eat proper meals as well
but i just feel like i just love getting
creative with like desserts and stuff
because that is something i've always
loved and i've always had a sweet
sweet tooth are your eyebrows
microbladed or natural because they
always look on point love from canada
oh it's so cool that you're from canada
thank you very much
um so these are tinted and
wax i had them powder browned like
over well over a year ago i did quite
like it but um
i don't know i don't know if i'd get it
done again i just quite as long as i
keep on top of like
my waxing and tinting i just i quite
like my eyebrows like that and
as you'll have seen from like my older
or a few videos a few months ago i did
try the whole
and like fluffy brow and to be honest i
think your eyebrows really shape your
face
i love the fluffy brows on other people
but for me
i just feel like i suit more of a
defined like slightly thinner brow in
the day like your brows really shape
your face how do you stay
mentally content when you may not be
physically where you want to be
with this one this is really interesting
like if you think about it like
we're never done if that says and i'm
glad i'm really glad that as humans like
we're never finished so for example
you never hear someone start fitness and
get to their goal weight and then just
stop do they so like there's never like
an end goal which i think is actually
a really it's a blessing isn't it
because that's why i feel like i preach
so much that like fitness is a lifestyle
because
you shouldn't ever don't ever sort of
put your happiness on thinking right
when i get to x amount of weight when i
have abs
when i have a massive boom i'm gonna be
happy and content and my life's gonna be
peachy because
you'll never get there just be grateful
for having the opportunity to move your
body
reminding yourself of that every day and
just know it's all good and fun to have
goals and stuff but just reminding
yourself of like
what actually matters the most which of
course is your health and stuff and i'm
not saying don't have
aesthetic goals i think aesthetic goals
are also amazing but don't get so caught
up
on an aesthetic because i don't think it
brings you like ultimate
happiness ever and can just be
a massive sort of like negative cycle so
and just make sure you're enjoying like
the process but yeah i think just every
day just practice
more gratitude i really like writing
down like three things i'm grateful for
like in-depth things um and that really
helps me just stay a bit more like
grounded i guess
rather than getting caught up in what i
look like in the mirror every morning
there's any advice for starting the gym
after doing
home workouts that's amazing that like i
love that you've started your homework
out and now you feel like you're ready
to go
to the gym i would say going with a plan
like when you do go to the gym
i have actually done a video on like
starting the gym as a beginner i'll
leave that
link down here um start steady sort of
focus on
form and just get comfortable and make
sure you're going with a plan every time
and like have a good place and stuff
like that and just take it day by day
try not to compare too much to someone
who may have been lifting for bloom in
five years or whatever when you're
just starting out and yeah um i really
hope it goes well for you beginning to
lift weights and doing less cardio what
changed your body the most
um in a short answer i'm going to say
yeah
lifting weights has been the thing that
has got me the best results
like physique wise and i've gained so
much strength
when i was just like upset with like
cardio stuff i was
pretty like probably like my biggest
kind of way and
that was also an accumulation it's like
you know you can't out eat a bad
diet at the end of the day um so yeah
that is my sort of spin
on that one what part of your body took
the longest
to develop oh my glutes
my glutes were so sleepy that was
definitely the stubbornest area to glow
to glow to grow ever since i started
warming up my glutes that has really
helped so much like activating my glutes
and things like that and
for like weight workouts is what is your
length
and weight so i'm five foot six and a
half i actually think i've grown you
know
um i may have grown a bit more but i
think the last time i measured myself
about five foot six ish
around that mark and my way i'm anywhere
from between
58kg to 60 kg i don't really weigh
myself that often
really wouldn't advise ever going off
someone else's weight i try not to sort
of mention my weight
too much because it's not really helpful
you can't gauge anything like
i'm i'm probably at my heaviest and my
leanest i've ever been in my life
and yeah when i was like sort of bigger
i weighed less so yeah that just kind of
shows like obviously
muscle can often weigh more and there's
so many factors like your weight
fluctuates so much
what's the rough time you go to sleep
and what helps you get enough
and good sleep uh so this is only
something this year that i've really
sort of like
looked into my sleep i guess so at the
moment
i've been waking up at half five and
going to sleep
like anywhere from like between nine
half nine and ten
usually more towards the ten mark um
which is really early some people like
some of my friends like live
like why do you do that to yourself and
it's just complete personal preference
like
i am not one of these people i'm never
gonna say to someone like oh my god you
should get up really early morning
it's just finding what works for you
like i seem to work better
first thing in the morning afternoon's
like my
no-go kind of time not always and i'm
never going to say like forever it'll be
like that but
at the moment i just think mornings i
work best i love getting my workout in
getting some work done first thing and
like maybe i'll film some stuff
in the afternoon and then i also quite
like working like
um later on like towards the day which
is quite unusual well not unusual but
just a bit different
and it is just finding like what works
for you and it's not like that all year
round
like this probably this time last year i
was probably getting up at 5am like
i don't know why but when it gets darker
like comes into winter for some reason i
get up earlier
which just sounds so backwards and
whereas in the summer months i was like
this
lockdown i was probably getting up at
like seven so
i don't really know why i just go with
what feels best like i try not to put
too much pressure on
questioning things all the time i feel
like i've been bad for that in the past
um
but yeah that is the time i wake up and
go to sleep i try and get more
eight hours at least i always make sure
i have a lion
on like a saturday and sunday i think
that's so important otherwise i feel
like i myself i just end up burning out
if i'm not
charging and charging uh getting enough
sleep and things like that
so that is that one tips are waking up
early in the morning i'm guessing you've
seen my blooming
dancing stories or something i trial so
much honestly guys like
i've tried sleeping with like my
curtains open i did that for a while but
then i actually found because it wasn't
completely dark in my bedroom i feel
like i wasn't
getting like proper sleep or like a deep
sleep
i now sleep with the full it's like a
blackout room
and but what i would say is make sure
your phone is not next to your bed like
move it towards the door or something so
that you actually have to physically
turn your alarm off like that's
changed it for me i have to physically
get out of bed and also just like
pre-planning my day the night before so
just having an idea of what i've got to
do that's that really and just getting
into a habit like it's not obviously
going to be
you're not going to jump out of bed
every morning don't have like high
expectations of that
but just get it done you'll always feel
so much better you know once you've got
up
two questions how do you spend an
anxious day and how do you deal
with anxiety i would just say yeah
meditations really help with my anxiety
because all it is is it's just sort of
grounding you
grounding your thoughts and taking a
breather and just being still
rather than like i know whenever i feel
anxious i just feel busy in my head and
i feel like i can't just focus on like
one thing at a time
so i think just sitting for 10 minutes
like close my eyes and just listening to
like a meditation thing and then just
writing out all my stuff on a piece of
paper like what's going through my head
and
if i've got stuff to do and just sort of
putting things down as
soon as i've done that i automatically
feel like a massive weight is lifted
when you run if you do what do you
listen to music podcast motivational
speech
nothing you know what it's a mixture of
all of them i generally listen to
mixed cloud i always listen to like
hip-hop r b
kind of playlist like that's like my
favorite whatever i'm feeling like i
actually quite like a bit of an
afrobeat you know i went on a few runs a
few months back
um i did listen to some podcasts but
not all the time it depends what sort of
like mood i'm in and then sometimes i'll
just turn my music off and just be in
silence like with my own thoughts but
that's
more of a rarity but mainly it's always
like mixed cloud like upbeat like good
vibes music good energy
when did you first start to see visible
labs i actually in everyone's like
head especially as females like i think
visible abs are different to everyone
like i had like lines down the side of
my stomach
slightly um for a few years like they
sort of came and went and then it was
only this year
that i actually got like like a few of
the actual like six-pack kind of app
so only this year to be quite honest
with you like i actually started to see
visible abs but that came down to my
like new workout routine and new diet
tracking that kind of
thing this one is any food allergies or
intolerance
no i don't actually have any food
allergies or intolerance i do think
um when i have like excessive dairy i do
think it affects
my skin more than anything i don't drink
i have
yoghurt but i don't have that much dairy
in my diet as much as i used to
making a switch from like regular milk
to
almond or like oatmeal because yeah i
think that's really helped me out but no
i don't have any like known tolerances
luckily where'd you get your watch
straps from so i get all my like
fitbit charge three that's the watch
i've got by the way i'll pop that in the
link
down below as well um i get that from
amazon
everyone where are you from i'm from
yorkshire originally i'm from
bradford that is where i was born and
raised but have you been sporty athletic
forever or
was fitness new to you i feel like i've
always been into
sport in a sense but never exactly i
used to do like rounders and
netball but when i was growing up i did
want to do more but my dad would have
had to take me on a weekend and stuff
like that and that wasn't really an
option at the time
which is absolutely fine when i got to
like i think it was like 14 15 i started
riding horses
so that was like a massive part of my
life spent hours every single day
up at the stables which was really
active so i think that's where it all
kind of stemmed from
and probably how i got into fitness
eventually someone said
please do a spiritual journey how you
meditate journaling
i would love to do one of those videos
actually i'm trying to think when i
could do that
my voice is really going you know i'm
chatting so much i feel like i answered
so many questions there
but um yeah i hope you quite liked this
video i just wanted to
go through a bunch of different bits and
bats and catch up with you guys but
let me know what videos you'd like to
see like over the next few weeks of
lockdown and stuff like that
and i will leave all those links i
mentioned in the description down below
if you haven't already i would love to
stick around by liking and subscribing
and i'll see you guys in the next video